readme.md, before:

# Amir Sharapov (@amirfounder) Component Library

## Usage

A componenet library for the ReactJS Framework, built to be used by the @amirfounder brand.

### Components

- Button
- Column
- Container
- Header
- Heading
- Input
- Link
- Logo
- Menu
- Modal
- Page
- Paragraph
- Section

## Dependencies:

- Storybook: Used for viewing components
- Rollup: Used to compress all libraries into a single file (See below for plugins)

### Rollup Plugins:

- rollup-plugin-terser: Used to minify the js
- rollup-plugin-poscss: Used to allow css files in rollup
- ...

## TODO:

- Write tests
- Mobile friendliness
- Text/Select/Radio... Input Components
- Header 'position: fixed' ability
- Variants
- Change all style 'handlers' to style 'generators'
- Write JSDocs
- Rewrite functions to follow code styleguide
- Look into javascript destructuring to pass unnamed props to styled component
- Page and paragraph components need styled components as well

## For Developers:

When writing code for this guide, follow the following code guidelines

### Publishing Steps

1. If new components were created, export them via the /src/index.js file
2. Run `npm run build-lib` to run rollup and minify file
3. Run `npm version patch / minor / major` to update the package version
4. Update the readme.md file to account for the changes in the latest version
5. Run `npm publish` to publish package! 

### Coding Styleguide

### Writing '...StylesService.js' functions:

Paramaters should be in the following order for easier readability and maintanability:

1. Custom (i.e. 'variant', 'size', etc.) -> determines multiple styles
2. Actual (i.e. padding : paddingProp, color: colorProp, etc) -> The actual attribute if it exists
3. Other -> Any other prop that can help determine the return value of the function

## Version History:

#### 1.0.0: First attempt

Version should NOT be used.
Test version.

- Did not target the minified js file
- Did not have support for ECMAScript support.

#### 1.0.1: Second attempt

Version targets the correct js file + ECMAScript support.
Still a test version.

Added Components:

- Button
- Header
- Input (incomplete...)
- Link
- Logo
- Menu (incoomplete...)
- Modal (incomplete...)

#### 1.1.0: More Components

All components now allow a size to be configured when calling.
All components are no longer 'incomplete'

Refactored Components:

- All previous...

Added Components:

- Column
- Section
- Page
- Paragraph
- Heading
- Container

#### 1.1.1-7 - Bug Fixes

1. Fixed bug where components were not being exported
2. Fixed bug from previous fix
3. Testing bug fix where react-router-dom link throws error
4. Rebuilding Library
5. (__blank__)
6. Rebuilt Package after another import fix
7. LinkPro component for testing
8. Beta release of every component using styled components

Commit message:

updated readme and added the bug fix

readme.md, after:

# Amir Sharapov (@amirfounder) Component Library

## Usage

A componenet library for the ReactJS Framework, built to be used by the @amirfounder brand.

### Components

- Button
- Column
- Container
- Header
- Heading
- Input
- Link
- Logo
- Menu
- Modal
- Page
- Paragraph
- Section

## Dependencies:

- Storybook: Used for viewing components
- Rollup: Used to compress all libraries into a single file (See below for plugins)

### Rollup Plugins:

- rollup-plugin-terser: Used to minify the js
- rollup-plugin-poscss: Used to allow css files in rollup
- ...

## TODO:

- Write tests
- Mobile friendliness
- Text/Select/Radio... Input Components
- Header 'position: fixed' ability
- Variants
- Change all style 'handlers' to style 'generators'
- Write JSDocs
- Rewrite functions to follow code styleguide
- Look into javascript destructuring to pass unnamed props to styled component
- Page and paragraph components need styled components as well

## For Developers:

When writing code for this guide, follow the following code guidelines

### Publishing Steps

1. If new components were created, export them via the /src/index.js file
2. Run `npm run build-lib` to run rollup and minify file
3. Run `npm version patch / minor / major` to update the package version
4. Update the readme.md file to account for the changes in the latest version
5. Commit
6. Run `npm publish` to publish package! 

### Coding Styleguide

### Writing '...StylesService.js' functions:

Paramaters should be in the following order for easier readability and maintanability:

1. Custom (i.e. 'variant', 'size', etc.) -> determines multiple styles
2. Actual (i.e. padding : paddingProp, color: colorProp, etc) -> The actual attribute if it exists
3. Other -> Any other prop that can help determine the return value of the function

## Version History:

#### 1.0.0: First attempt

Version should NOT be used.
Test version.

- Did not target the minified js file
- Did not have support for ECMAScript support.

#### 1.0.1: Second attempt

Version targets the correct js file + ECMAScript support.
Still a test version.

Added Components:

- Button
- Header
- Input (incomplete...)
- Link
- Logo
- Menu (incoomplete...)
- Modal (incomplete...)

#### 1.1.0: More Components

All components now allow a size to be configured when calling.
All components are no longer 'incomplete'

Refactored Components:

- All previous...

Added Components:

- Column
- Section
- Page
- Paragraph
- Heading
- Container

#### 1.1.1-7 - Bug Fixes

1. Fixed bug where components were not being exported
2. Fixed bug from previous fix
3. Testing bug fix where react-router-dom link throws error
4. Rebuilding Library
5. (__blank__)
6. Rebuilt Package after another import fix
7. LinkPro component for testing
8. Beta release of every component using styled components
9. Updated logo and menu to not require column to align self
